Death Valley deserves its name. It is a sunburnt land of salt flats, bad water, and scorching sand. This parched place is the hottest, driest spot in North America. However, it has not always been a desert wasteland. It was once a lake. The climate was much wetter. The land nearby was rich with life. The valley was still a lake when the first Native Americans arrived about 10,000 years ago. About 1000 years ago, the ancestors of today's Timbisha Shoshone people came to the valley. Over time, the climate changed. Temperatures rose. Less rain fell. The lake dried up. Only a few freshwater springs remained in the foothills, mountains, and valley. The Hubble Space Telescope is in orbit around Earth as a floating observatory. The Hubble magnifies and records images of distant space objects. It then sends the information to astronomers on Earth. Other spacecraft, both crewed and empty, have also gathered information about the Sun, Moon, and planets. In addition, astronomers use cameras and other instruments to record information about distant objects. Photographs provide astronomers with a visual record of their observations. Other instruments can help reveal faint, hard-to-detect objects in outer space. These instruments measure light and other radiation coming from these objects. Today, insects are part of traditional diets throughout much of the world. You don't even have to go to remote places like a rain forest to find bugs on the menu. In Mexico, you can buy grasshoppers by the bag. Just roast and wrap in a tortilla. At the movies in South America, the snack bar might serve roasted ants instead of popcorn. If you wander through a market in Thailand, you'll find bins of deep-fried silkworms and water bugs. A handful makes a perfect snack. Even if you haven't been to these places, you may have eaten bugs, too. You may not have done it on purpose, though. Bug bits end up in such foods as chocolate and peanut butter. In the United States, an average person eats about a pound of insects a year. Learning to play the guitar can be an extremely rewarding experience, but it is made even more so if you find the right teacher who will also guide to help you achieve your musical goals with the right resources. The best teachers always prepare and have a plan. In teaching, it is said that, for every hour of teaching, teachers need to prepare twice as much. You should be able to tell whether you're dealing with a professional in your first meeting. They will determine where you are, where you want to go, and then propose a method for getting you there. If you can tell that your prospective teacher hasn't prepared for the lesson and looks like they are making up stuff on the spot, they probably are. Get away as fast as you can. The type of garden you choose will depend on several factors. If you live in an apartment, it may be impossible for you to have a large vegetable garden no matter how much you may desire one. If you work 60 hours per week, caring for a very large rose garden could prove to be a little too much to handle. If you're confined to a wheelchair, taking care of a complex outdoor garden may be a bit beyond your capabilities. Ask yourself: how much space do I have available for gardening? How much time do I have to care for my plants? How physically capable am I to care for my garden? The more uncomfortable you start to feel, the more stress starts to come on. Choose less salty snacks, like low-salt pretzels or even a low-salt version of your favorite potato chip. Junk food, in general, is considered stress-inducing and poor in nutritional components