In 1912, Titanic is the largest artificial moving object in the world. She is as long as four city blocks and wider than a four-lane highway. Some people say she is unsinkable. No expense has been spared to build her. She is grand in every way. Many wealthy and important people are aboard to experience the one-of-a-kind voyage. Tonight, the water is calm and looks as smooth as glass. Yet, there may be danger. Suddenly, something is seen ahead. It looks dark against the starry sky. It's big and it's close. Iceberg right ahead! Titanic travels ever nearer to the iceberg. Slowly, the ship begins to swing away. It looks like the ship might miss the iceberg after all. Then comes a grinding sound. Under the water, the iceberg is much wider than it looks. Titanic scrapes against it. The iceberg has slashed holes in the side of one of the furnace rooms. As water gushes through the holes, it nearly sweeps the crewmen off their feet. Within minutes, the cold, swirling seawater is up to their waists. Seawater is also gushing through holes torn into other sections of the ship. Titanic's hull has 16 sections. Doors can seal off each section if they are damaged. The officer on the bridge orders all the doors closed. He hopes this will prevent disaster. He doesn't know that it's already too late. The doors slow, but cannot stop, the water because the walls don't reach the ceiling. As seawater fills each section, the water spills over the wall into the next section. The first five sections soon fill with water. Gamma-ray bursts are flashes of gamma rays associated with extremely energetic explosions that have been observed in distant galaxies. They are the most luminous electromagnetic events known to occur in the universe. Bursts can last from ten milliseconds to several minutes, although a typical burst lasts between 20 to 40 seconds. The initial burst is usually followed by a longer-lived afterglow emitted at extended wavelengths. Most observed GRBs are believed to consist of a narrow beam of intense radiation released during a supernova event as a rapidly-rotating, high-mass star collapses to form a neutron star, quark star, or black hole. The crayon is a drawing implement made of clay, chalk, plumbago, dry color, and wax. There are two types of crayon: the coloring crayon and the chalk crayon. The coloring crayon, or wax crayon, is the one used by children in making pictures. It consists of waxes such as paraffin, beeswax, and carnauba wax and dry color. Some synthetic waxlike materials are also used in the modern crayon. The waxes are melted and the dry color added with continuous mixing until thoroughly dispersed. Normally, the crayon is entirely consumed during the marking process through abrasion. Dogs often love attending a dog agility training class. They're given the opportunity to work in a new environment with ramps, jumps, poles, and tires that are often colorful and inviting. To be a part of a dog agility training class, most groups will require that you've previously attended and completed an obedience class for your dog and many will ban your pet from participation if it's an aggressive animal. Usually, a dog agility class will run for about an hour once a week, for a course of six weeks. Classes begin with warm-ups and playtime to get the dog acclimated to its surroundings. Death Valley deserves its name. It is a sunburnt land of salt flats, bad water, and scorching sand. This parched place is the hottest, driest spot in North America. However, it has not always been a desert wasteland. It was once a lake. The climate was much wetter