The mountains of Japan's Yamagata prefecture are considered sacred by the Buddhists in the region. These holy sites are sparsely populated, their forests interrupted only occasionally by isolated Buddhist temples. Many of the men serving in the temples come seeking solitude and an escape from the modern world. They were probably a bit startled, then, when a group of scientists and historians showed up and asked to see their mummies. The year before, several researchers investigating rumors of local mummies had discovered six mummified Buddhist monks in five temples in Yamagata prefecture. Soon after the discovery, several Japanese universities formed. Carbon dioxide is a chemical compound that is usually in the form of a gas. It is made up of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen. Carbon dioxide was discovered by a Belgian chemist named Jan Baptista van Helmont. Carbon dioxide is necessary for life on Earth. When animals breathe out, they release carbon dioxide into the air. Plants use this carbon dioxide to make their own food in a process called photosynthesis. Plants then release oxygen into the air for animals to breathe in. Carbon dioxide also is an essential part of Earth's atmosphere. It plays an important role as a greenhouse gas. A greenhouse gas traps energy from the Sun, which warms Earth's surface. This is known as the greenhouse effect. In 1912, Titanic is the largest artificial moving object in the world. She is as long as four city blocks and wider than a four-lane highway. Some people say she is unsinkable. No expense has been spared to build her. She is grand in every way. Many wealthy and important people are aboard to experience the one-of-a-kind voyage. Tonight, the water is calm and looks as smooth as glass. Yet, there may be danger. Suddenly, something is seen ahead. It looks dark against the starry sky. It's big and it's close. Iceberg right ahead! Titanic travels ever nearer to the iceberg. Slowly, the ship begins to swing away. It looks like the ship might miss the iceberg after all. Then comes a grinding sound. Under the water, the iceberg is much wider than it looks. Titanic scrapes against it. The iceberg has slashed holes in the side of one of the furnace rooms. As water gushes through the holes, it nearly sweeps the crewmen off their feet. Within minutes, the cold, swirling seawater is up to their waists. Seawater is also gushing through holes torn into other sections of the ship. Titanic's hull has 16 sections. Doors can seal off each section if they are damaged. The officer on the bridge orders all the doors closed. He hopes this will prevent disaster. He doesn't know that it's already too late. The doors slow, but cannot stop, the water because the walls don't reach the ceiling. As seawater fills each section, the water spills over the wall into the next section. The first five sections soon fill with water. Gamma-ray bursts are flashes of gamma rays associated with extremely energetic explosions that have been observed in distant galaxies. They are the most luminous electromagnetic events known to occur in the universe. Bursts can last from ten milliseconds to several minutes, although a typical burst lasts between 20 to 40 seconds. The initial burst is usually followed by a longer-lived afterglow emitted at extended wavelengths. Most observed GRBs are believed to consist of a narrow beam of intense radiation released during a supernova event as a rapidly-rotating, high-mass star collapses to form a neutron star, quark star, or black hole. Jewelry is any object other than clothes that is worn to decorate the body