Lemongrass and sage scents, which are also good for fatigue, are known to help some people with headaches. These scents calm the nervous system and relax your inner being, which will minimize the headache that won't allow you to function. Can you believe aromatherapy can even help with your acne issues? Cedarwood, lemon, and sandalwood are effective scents that help promote the body's ability to control its hormonal balance as well as the skin's oil production. Aromatherapy is an excellent solution for those who are looking for alternative treatments to use in minor medical issues. Vegetable gardening requires a lot more work than herb gardening. In fact, vegetable gardening can be one of the most time-consuming types of gardening. Many vegetables require watering and fertilizing at regular intervals, and may require a lot of different types of maintenance. Some vegetables are hardier and less picky than others. You can find some types of vegetables that don't require a lot of work at all so you can still find vegetable gardening a fun and relaxing hobby if you're careful to choose varieties that don't require constant attention. Some people may especially enjoy vegetable gardening because they love the satisfaction of growing some of their own food. At only a few inches long and with no distinctive external features to speak of, the Hero Shrew is seemingly an unremarkable creature. That is, until you accidentally step on one. You see, the Hero Shrew can comfortably survive being stood on by a typical adult human without any injury. The secret to this skill lies in the Shrew's skeletal system or, more specifically, its spine. Unlike almost every other mammal on Earth, with one notable exception which we'll get to in a moment, the Hero Shrew's spine features intricate interlocking vertebrae, a very large number of spinal processes, and is incredibly thick relative to the size of its total body weight. Carbon dioxide is a chemical compound that is usually in the form of a gas. It is made up of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen. Carbon dioxide was discovered by a Belgian chemist named Jan Baptista van Helmont. Carbon dioxide is necessary for life on Earth. When animals breathe out, they release carbon dioxide into the air. Plants use this carbon dioxide to make their own food in a process called photosynthesis. Plants then release oxygen into the air for animals to breathe in. Carbon dioxide also is an essential part of Earth's atmosphere. It plays an important role as a greenhouse gas. A greenhouse gas traps energy from the Sun, which warms Earth's surface. This is known as the greenhouse effect. When spring and summer creep up on us, we often don't know if what we're experiencing are allergies or basic end-of-flu-season ailments. There are a number of ways to recognize allergy symptoms and differentiate between being sick and having an allergic reaction. The reason why it's important to know the difference is because allergic reactions can run the gamut from the very mild and up to life-threatening symptoms so you need to know which kind you experience. A few surefire symptoms of allergic reactions are as follows: rashes, itchy eyes, nasal congestion, itchiness, difficulty breathing, cramps, vomiting, and dizziness. Using a camera to take photographs is called photography. A photograph is an image, or picture, that has been captured on film or some other material. People who take pictures are called photographers. Photography is a useful and effective form of communication. Photographs give information about people, places, objects, and events that words may not be able to describe