Hike through one of Iceland's many ancient lava fields. You might notice something strange. The ground in front of you is steaming. Plumes of white steam rise from the ground. Iceland is covered with steam vents and hot springs. The steam comes from naturally-heated rocks and hot water below Earth's surface. The most famous of Iceland's bubbling hot springs is Blue Lagoon. It is not far from the country's capital city. You can visit the lagoon and soak in its soothing, milky blue waters. Minerals and white mud in the water make your skin as soft as a newborn baby's skin. Icelanders tap into the natural hot water for more than soaking. They harness steam from hot water to spin turbines and create electricity. People use the electricity to heat homes and even greenhouses. The type of garden you choose will depend on several factors. If you live in an apartment, it may be impossible for you to have a large vegetable garden no matter how much you may desire one. If you work 60 hours per week, caring for a very large rose garden could prove to be a little too much to handle. If you're confined to a wheelchair, taking care of a complex outdoor garden may be a bit beyond your capabilities. Ask yourself: how much space do I have available for gardening? How much time do I have to care for my plants? How physically capable am I to care for my garden? Jewelry is any object other than clothes that is worn to decorate the body. People use many different materials in making jewelry. Fine jewelry is made of valuable metals, such as gold and silver, and beautiful stones called gems. Jewelry that is made of plastic, steel, ceramics, glass, or other less costly materials is called costume jewelry. People who still live as their ancient ancestors did make jewelry from bone, claws, animal hair, wood, and shells. People wear jewelry for many reasons. Kings, queens, and other leaders have often worn fine jewelry at important ceremonies and events. Some people wear jewelry for religious reasons. Oil and water don't mix. You have probably heard this old saying. It isn't just folk wisdom, however. It's chemistry. Another common expression, "like water off of a duck's back," illustrates the same basic principle. The oil on a duck's feathers repels water and prevents the bird from getting soaked in the rain. Naturally oily feathers also help keep a bird dry as it swims. Chemistry is just one way to repel water in nature. Structure, or the shape of things, is another. To excel at water repellency, the lotus leaf relies on both. Unlike water lilies, the lotus holds its leaves and flowers high above a pond's surface. Still, each lotus is amply prepared to fend off a drenching. The waxy surface of the leaves helps repel water chemically. Auroras are caused by the sun. The sun sends out a stream of electrically-charged particles called the solar wind. The solar wind travels from the sun toward the Earth at great speed. The Earth is a huge magnet surrounded by a magnetic field. The Earth's magnetic field forces the charged particles in the solar wind toward the planet's northern and southern polar regions. The particles move downward through the Earth's upper atmosphere. As they do, they crash into atoms and molecules of gases such as oxygen and nitrogen. These collisions cause the atoms and molecules to give off light. This light is an aurora. An aurora's colors are determined by the different gases that give off the light. Lemongrass and sage scents, which are also good for fatigue, are known to help some people with headaches. These scents calm the nervous system and relax your inner being, which will minimize the headache that won't allow you to function