The Hubble Space Telescope is in orbit around Earth as a floating observatory. The Hubble magnifies and records images of distant space objects. It then sends the information to astronomers on Earth. Other spacecraft, both crewed and empty, have also gathered information about the Sun, Moon, and planets. In addition, astronomers use cameras and other instruments to record information about distant objects. Photographs provide astronomers with a visual record of their observations. Other instruments can help reveal faint, hard-to-detect objects in outer space. These instruments measure light and other radiation coming from these objects. Death Valley deserves its name. It is a sunburnt land of salt flats, bad water, and scorching sand. This parched place is the hottest, driest spot in North America. However, it has not always been a desert wasteland. It was once a lake. The climate was much wetter. The land nearby was rich with life. The valley was still a lake when the first Native Americans arrived about 10,000 years ago. About 1000 years ago, the ancestors of today's Timbisha Shoshone people came to the valley. Over time, the climate changed. Temperatures rose. Less rain fell. The lake dried up. Only a few freshwater springs remained in the foothills, mountains, and valley. Water covers 70 percent of Earth's surface, yet most of it is unusable, which is why many people around the world struggle to get enough of it. Nearly 97 percent is salty or otherwise undrinkable. Another two percent is locked up in glaciers and ice caps. That leaves only one percent. People, plants, and animals depend on that one percent of fresh water. Each drop of water is always on the move. The water we drink is a liquid. It can also be a solid or a gas. No matter what state of matter it's in, all water is connected. It constantly moves through an endless cycle above, on, and through Earth. The amount of water on our planet never changes. There is the same amount now as there was when Earth formed. Solar flares often form around sunspots. A solar flare forms when gases and energy explode from the sun's surface. The jet of energy shoots into space. It reaches Earth in just a few days. Colliding with Earth's atmosphere, the energy streams toward Earth's poles. It causes gases in the atmosphere to glow, green, blue, red, and even pink. We call these shimmering colors auroras. Energy from the sun not only warms Earth. It warms all the planets. A planet is a large space object that orbits a star. In all, eight planets orbit the Sun (or nine, for those who count Pluto among them). Four of these planets are small, rocky worlds. They're called the inner planets. The other four are gas giants. They're called the outer planets. (And a dwarf planet, for those who count Pluto.) When you're on the highway, use cruise control, which helps maintain a constant speed. Use the highest gear possible and overdrive gears if you have them. The faster an engine is turning, the more gas you're using. Pay attention to your tachometer. Plus, a slower turning engine means less friction and engine wear. Avoid excessive idling. Idling gets zero miles per gallon. It doesn't get much worse than that. If you're stopped for a train or backed up in a fast food take-out line or waiting for a drive-thru bank teller, stop your engine if you're going to be idling for more than 30 seconds. Today, insects are part of traditional diets throughout much of the world. You don't even have to go to remote places like a rain forest to find bugs on the menu. In Mexico, you can buy grasshoppers by the bag. Just roast and wrap in a tortilla