Vegetable gardening requires a lot more work than herb gardening. In fact, vegetable gardening can be one of the most time-consuming types of gardening. Many vegetables require watering and fertilizing at regular intervals, and may require a lot of different types of maintenance. Some vegetables are hardier and less picky than others. You can find some types of vegetables that don't require a lot of work at all so you can still find vegetable gardening a fun and relaxing hobby if you're careful to choose varieties that don't require constant attention. Some people may especially enjoy vegetable gardening because they love the satisfaction of growing some of their own food. South Africa is home to most of the world's rhinos. However, the country has a big problem with poachers. Hunters killed more than twelve thousand of the country's rhinos last year and are killing them at a high rate this year to meet rising demand for their horns in parts of Asia. The buyers believe rhino horn, which is ground into powder, works as medicine. There is no scientific evidence to back up that idea. The horn is made of keratin, a protein also found in human fingernails. South Africa's national parks service rescued sixteen rhino orphans last year. A dozen were put in expert care. Four others were placed in government-run enclosures with female rhinos who act as mothers. The goal is to have the orphans return back to the rhino population in the wild. A gecko can see colors in the dark, which few living creatures can do. A nocturnal gecko's eye structure is different from that of other lizards. Most vertebrates have two kinds of cells in their eyes that sense light. These are called rods and cones. Rods pick up only black and white. Cones detect colors, but only when there's lots of light. Lizards do not have rods, only cones. Geckos that come out at night have three kinds of super-sized cones. These cones give nocturnal geckos their super-color vision. It's important for a gecko to protect its eyesight. Most geckos have no eyelids and cannot blink. If dust gets in a gecko's eyes, it uses its tongue to lick them clean. For years, health enthusiasts have lived by the age-old motto, "an apple a day keeps the doctor away." While it's true that an apple provides ample vitamin C as well as antiallergenic, anti-inflammatory, and antiviral benefits, there's an even more powerful fruit that contributes to your overall health. The Amalaki tree, which is primarily found in the tropical areas of Asia, has been cultivated in gardens for centuries and has sprung up as a popular commercial crop that's grown for medicinal purposes. Amalaki is a fruit that can really keep the doctor away. Communities all over the world use regional spices to further preserve and enhance their foods. The pursuit of spices is even credited with promoting world exploration. Columbus discovered the Americas while looking for new trade routes to access India for its spices. Today, food additives have advanced well beyond their early rudimentary uses. We still use salt and vinegar to preserve food, but we're now able to use food additives to enrich and fortify our foods and drinks as well. Vitamins added to milk enhance its healthiness. Probiotics added to yogurts aid in digestion. Natural colors added to whole grain cereals make them fun and appealing. Tiny poison dart frogs may be only one inch long but they pack a powerful punch of poison. Weighing less than an ounce, these frogs are considered one of Earth's most toxic species. For example, the golden poison dart frog has enough poison to kill 20,000 mice