Solar flares often form around sunspots. A solar flare forms when gases and energy explode from the sun's surface. The jet of energy shoots into space. It reaches Earth in just a few days. Colliding with Earth's atmosphere, the energy streams toward Earth's poles. It causes gases in the atmosphere to glow, green, blue, red, and even pink. We call these shimmering colors auroras. Energy from the sun not only warms Earth. It warms all the planets. A planet is a large space object that orbits a star. In all, eight planets orbit the Sun (or nine, for those who count Pluto among them). Four of these planets are small, rocky worlds. They're called the inner planets. The other four are gas giants. They're called the outer planets. (And a dwarf planet, for those who count Pluto.) Communities all over the world use regional spices to further preserve and enhance their foods. The pursuit of spices is even credited with promoting world exploration. Columbus discovered the Americas while looking for new trade routes to access India for its spices. Today, food additives have advanced well beyond their early rudimentary uses. We still use salt and vinegar to preserve food, but we're now able to use food additives to enrich and fortify our foods and drinks as well. Vitamins added to milk enhance its healthiness. Probiotics added to yogurts aid in digestion. Natural colors added to whole grain cereals make them fun and appealing. A gecko can see colors in the dark, which few living creatures can do. A nocturnal gecko's eye structure is different from that of other lizards. Most vertebrates have two kinds of cells in their eyes that sense light. These are called rods and cones. Rods pick up only black and white. Cones detect colors, but only when there's lots of light. Lizards do not have rods, only cones. Geckos that come out at night have three kinds of super-sized cones. These cones give nocturnal geckos their super-color vision. It's important for a gecko to protect its eyesight. Most geckos have no eyelids and cannot blink. If dust gets in a gecko's eyes, it uses its tongue to lick them clean. The oceans are changing. You can't tell by standing on a beach and watching waves roll in. But ocean water is becoming more acidic, experiments now show. One vulnerable animal is the Elkhorn coral, which is found throughout the Caribbean Sea. Elkhorn coral used to be easy to find in shallow water. Now it's an endangered species. In the last thirty years, many populations of Elkhorn coral have collapsed. Disease outbreaks, hurricanes, and elevated temperatures may all have played a role. Scientists are working on ways to save the coral, but they still have a long way to go. The coral may face yet another threat. In more acidic waters, Elkhorn coral is less successful at reproducing. Valuable ores lay hidden beneath Death Valley. These treasures included gold and silver. When miners gave up on the goldfields in other parts of California, many came to the desert. Most mining settlements followed a predictable pattern. First came the prospectors. They searched for gold deposits. When they made a strike, they staked a claim. Then they either worked the claim themselves or sold it. Miners came to Death Valley for more than gold. Some came to mine a kind of salt. People used the salt to make a substance called borax. It was used to make glass, ceramics, and cleaning products. South Africa is home to most of the world's rhinos. However, the country has a big problem with poachers. Hunters killed more than twelve thousand of the country's rhinos last year and are killing them at a high rate this year to meet rising demand for their horns in parts of Asia