Jewelry is any object other than clothes that is worn to decorate the body. People use many different materials in making jewelry. Fine jewelry is made of valuable metals, such as gold and silver, and beautiful stones called gems. Jewelry that is made of plastic, steel, ceramics, glass, or other less costly materials is called costume jewelry. People who still live as their ancient ancestors did make jewelry from bone, claws, animal hair, wood, and shells. People wear jewelry for many reasons. Kings, queens, and other leaders have often worn fine jewelry at important ceremonies and events. Some people wear jewelry for religious reasons. Valuable ores lay hidden beneath Death Valley. These treasures included gold and silver. When miners gave up on the goldfields in other parts of California, many came to the desert. Most mining settlements followed a predictable pattern. First came the prospectors. They searched for gold deposits. When they made a strike, they staked a claim. Then they either worked the claim themselves or sold it. Miners came to Death Valley for more than gold. Some came to mine a kind of salt. People used the salt to make a substance called borax. It was used to make glass, ceramics, and cleaning products. In 1912, Titanic is the largest artificial moving object in the world. She is as long as four city blocks and wider than a four-lane highway. Some people say she is unsinkable. No expense has been spared to build her. She is grand in every way. Many wealthy and important people are aboard to experience the one-of-a-kind voyage. Tonight, the water is calm and looks as smooth as glass. Yet, there may be danger. Suddenly, something is seen ahead. It looks dark against the starry sky. It's big and it's close. Iceberg right ahead! Titanic travels ever nearer to the iceberg. Slowly, the ship begins to swing away. It looks like the ship might miss the iceberg after all. Then comes a grinding sound. Under the water, the iceberg is much wider than it looks. Titanic scrapes against it. The iceberg has slashed holes in the side of one of the furnace rooms. As water gushes through the holes, it nearly sweeps the crewmen off their feet. Within minutes, the cold, swirling seawater is up to their waists. Seawater is also gushing through holes torn into other sections of the ship. Titanic's hull has 16 sections. Doors can seal off each section if they are damaged. The officer on the bridge orders all the doors closed. He hopes this will prevent disaster. He doesn't know that it's already too late. The doors slow, but cannot stop, the water because the walls don't reach the ceiling. As seawater fills each section, the water spills over the wall into the next section. The first five sections soon fill with water. Books written especially for children are called children's literature. Children's literature includes stories, fairy tales, fables, poems, and novels. It also includes nonfiction works of history, science, and other subjects. Children's literature can come in the form of picture books or chapter books. Picture books usually have a smaller amount of text, or words, and pictures on every page. They are written for younger readers. Chapter books have few or no pictures and much more text, which is divided into sections called chapters. Chapter books are written for older children. South Africa is home to most of the world's rhinos. However, the country has a big problem with poachers. Hunters killed more than twelve thousand of the country's rhinos last year and are killing them at a high rate this year to meet rising demand for their horns in parts of Asia